---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Resume
date: 2024-01-13T23:03:57.436Z
description: ;lake;ldkjf
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/1bc8c708-9cec-4812-b3f4-5db7e1dc3207.jpeg
---
# **Professional Experience**

# **Program Officer**

#### *American Indian Science and Engineering Society, AISES*

Boulder, Colorado

###### March 2021 - Present

* Administered a $150,000 grant from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation, ensuring compliance and successful project outc omes within the established timeline resulting in a renewed two-year grant with  $50,000 in additional funding. 
* Directed AISES's scholarships and internships program, increasing the number of Indigenous student applicants by 50% in the first year and collaborating with program funders to develop new intern opportunities.
* Collaborated with the development team and funding partners, such as the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians, Reboot Representation, and Aristocrat Gaming, to ensure new and growing opportunities for Indigenous students in STEM. 

## Adoption Services Supervisor

##### *Humane Society of Boulder Valley*

Boulder, Colorado

###### May 2019 - January 2020

* Supervised and trained a team, ensuring adherence to established policies and procedures for animal protection and customer satisfaction.
* Acted as the primary point of contact for client care inquiries and promptly addressed questions and concerns.

## Senior Product and Customer Success Manager

###### *BONJORO, VIMILY PT.*

Remote

###### August 2017 - May 2019

* Built relationships with customers, incorporated customer feedback into product development, and reduced new customer churn by 30% by implementing new features and department standards.

## Program Administrator

###### *American Indian College Fund*

Denver, Colorado

###### November 2016 - August 2017

* Researched, designed, implemented, and managed funded scholarships and community-building programs for Native American students at Tribal Colleges and Universities.
* Collaborated on Dollar General GED grant renewal report resulting in an increase in funding.





# Education Experience



## Masters of Legal Studies, Indigenous Peoples Law

###### *University of Oklahoma,* January 2021 - May 2022

* Graduated with 4.0



## Masters of Science, Native American Studies

###### *Southeastern Oklahoma State University*, January 2020 - December 2020

* Graduated with honors. 



## Bachelors of Behavioral Science

###### *Southeastern Oklahoma State University*, August 2006 - May 2010

* Presidential Leadership Scholarship recipient. 
* Chickasaw Honors Club member. 
* Graduated with honors. 





# Volunteer Experience

###### *Denver Indian Family Resource Center*

* Board Member since 2017.
* Board Secretary since 2023.



###### *Colorado Women’s Lobby*

* Active member since 2020.